Semperit is a global rubber company. The product range extends from hydraulic and industrial hoses (Semperflex) and conveyor belts (Sempertrans) to moulded parts such as handrails (Semperform) through to examination, protective and surgical gloves (Sempermed segment). With our quality products, we have been well positioned for over 195 years and distribute them in more than 100 countries.

At our location in Vienna, we are currently recruiting:

Teamlead IT Service Management 

Responsible for defining and executing the IT Service Management strategy for the entire Semperit group.

Key Responsibilities:
Sets up and maintain service desk, including managing service desk team members and evaluating desk efficiency.
Responsible for defining and executing the global IT service management strategy for the entire Semperit group.
Analyse and predict trends and develops long-range plan designed to maintain cost effectiveness and competitiveness for IT Service Management.
Establish metrics, key performance indicators and service level agreements for driving the performance for service delivery. Deliver service enhancements.
Develops working knowledge of regulations, restrictions, and laws, and ensures service department adheres to all regulations
Monitors department issues and client complaints to define patterns and work to lessen those recurring issues.
Coach, mentor and develop staff under the direct report.
Support and actively lead the introduction of new IT services that will impact the user organisation.
Define and maintain the Semperit IT Service Catalogue.

Requirements:
Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field. Or equivalent work experience.
5 to 10 years of IT Service management work experience, with at least 3 years of experience in managing international teams or projects. Experience in Setting up and running a Service Desk organisation.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills
Demonstrated leadership abilities, as well as effectiveness in matrix management and team building
ITIL Certificate
A methodical and well-organised approach to work
Language skills: English fluent


We offer an interesting challenge and attractive employment conditions in an international organisation with production sites in Europe (Austria, Germany, Hungary, Czech Republic and Poland), the USA, and Asia (Thailand, China, India, Malaysia), as well as further sales companies around the world. Good opportunities for further development and comprehensive training are guaranteed.

Location: 1030 Vienna, Subway U3 Gasometer

Gross monthly salary: from EUR €3,600.00  (in accordance with the collective labour agreement); higher rates dependent on professional qualifications and experience
